Hello again.
Peter.
This is the way I like to start
every weekend.
Exactly late in the day meeting.
It's perfect.
So Friday nights.
I'm gonna say very strange
sentence for some people.
My fiance goes to his wife's
house.
Hey, shashank.
Please.
Hello, shashank.
Uh, I have.
I walked into like another
meeting.
You have not.
No, you're in the right meeting.
It's a I've invited more people.
OK.
So yeah, let me let me just do a
quick setup.
OK, fantastic.
So this was intentionally set up
for a conversation between
Shashank and I about the changes
that he made to the LM
framework, particularly the the
testing side of things.
And so, uh, I included Alan and
ADA on the call because Aida is
working on.
I'll let her introduce herself
in a minute, but she's working a
lot on the LM side of things.
On the production side, so it
would, I thought it would be
good to include her on this
conversation.
Umm.
And so yeah, so go ahead and you
can introduce yourself right in
Perfect.
and we can continue with the
meeting.
Oh yeah, I need a nice to meet
you.
Likewise.
That's and how?
Perfect.
Yep.
Of me, you and.
Yeah, I'll.
I'll take a step back here.
Got alright.
Yeah.
So let's see.
Do you wanna go over?
Kind of.
The code changes that you.
Well, let's start out with just
a quick a refresher on the major
parts of the the framework and
then we can dive into the the
changes that you made and
that'll I'm sure that will open
Chuck.
up questions for me about
different things as I poked
around last week and this week
in the in the code to try to
understand it.
Sounds good.
I also went ahead and tried to
understand it from someone who
hasn't seen the code base.
And boy oh boy, so I've I've
been more generous with my
comments and dreamies.
So those are changes probably
that have happened over the last
two days.
Cool.
Alright, let me just share my
screen.
Yeah, I saw you pushed like 10
hours ago or something.
Yeah.
Yeah, sometimes, sometimes.
Uh, let me just turn share.
Still very to share.
She do it, yeah.
So ohh and pop up anyway.
See you guys.
Cortana.
Both.
Uh, alright.
So broadly just.
As Erica Ohm, the intention of
this entire like code base is to
go ahead and make things more
rigorous as we introduce LM into
our production system and
broadly there are, I would say,
two larger chunks within this
code base.
One is just like a a an API
service which exposes the
endpoints, which is essentially
what the LLM requires as like an
input.
So this would be a user query
which in our case there is no
user query, but it's a.
It's a functional feature on the
CC light interface right now,
and a set of prompts which have
already been hardcoded in some
sense.
So these Proms set somewhere in
these in these constants file
and these are prompts which Evan
and Brad are taken a stab at
initially and it's more or less
the same but with a few tweaks
here and there.
So a typical input to like an LM
would involve all these
different aspects.
So there's like a user prompt at
different levels.
There's some examples at
different levels.
There are some markdown
guidelines.
There are some response
guidelines.
What are the end tags, start
tags and so on, so expect to
which LM we end up using.
These would invariably end up
becoming the inputs to that
room, so the service, uh, the
API service would take this file
as an input.
The details of the LM as like an
input and prepare a prompt with
this information and feed it to
the LDM.
So that's the easy part.
The the other more important
aspect of the school basis is to
make sure that what will we do
right over here?
Uh, it's it's well tested.
It's sort of we understand the
behavior of how these prompts
will go ahead and actually
behave in production.
So that aspect is essentially
being handled in the tests
infrastructure, so this is not
quite a test to test the code
written in the API itself, but
like a test suite or a test
harness of sorts which pushes
the prompts that you've written
that we've just seen through
like a bunch of steps, and the
two big steps involved in the
testing process is there was a.
Let me come to.
Yeah.
So these are the UH-405 larger
chunks that actually the the the
prompts go through, so for typos
for every every time we have
what we think are like a set of
prompts that we think we want to
push to production.
Uh, we.
There are some make commands and
what it essentially does is 1.
It takes in all those prompts
and does like a simple grammar
validation, so there's like
enough literature out there that
the grammar formatting all these
things essentially like they
they do matter and looms are
quite sensitive to it.
So it's in our interest to make
sure that we do like a basic
hygiene check once we have
passed the grammar validation.
We also do a database
consistency check, so this
database consistency check is
currently got a completely
structured on the NEO 4 J
Knowledge Base Connection that
we end up making and the facts
that we, uh and the pulling in
our prompt.
So if you'll notice, even in the
prompts.
So let me just keep these
prompts open. Uh.
So from the prompts have some
example file, some examples
saying for example the PC TRN
detran charge amount field
function is the sub program from
yadda yadda yadda.
Uh, this is like a specific
instance, but what the test
suite enables is.
Let's say you connect to Volvo
score base or like Western Union
score based.
We essentially get to populate
like an example which is
contextualized and picked from
the knowledge base of whatever
the target group is.
Is that we're trying to analyze,
so you can probably connect this
to any.
I mean the the Nice part is you
can connect this to any
knowledge base but before the
suite actually ends up
connecting to it, it does like a
basic consistency check which
involves like finding cycles in
the graph and like making sure
like some portable, I mean we we
can define the rules, but I
think from like an initial
conversation with I've been I've
like gone ahead and implemented
like a few checks myself.
So once the data consistency
check is done, I would say the
workforce is essentially these
two uh, no, I steps over here.
So one is like a prompt level
test suite which gets generated.
This isn't hardcoded test suite
which sits in this repository
which goes ahead and tries to
test every prompt that we try to
push to production, but rather
this test suite is getting
generated on the fly based on
like certain rules and certain
kind of generative functions.
And I'll talk about it in some
more detail and then there is
and the goal over here is to
make tweaks to the prompt.
So, for instance, one of the
prompts over here says give me
your two sentence summary of the
semantics of this path.
Through this field function now
it could so happen that, uh,
some of the sentence over here
which replaces this this one
line ends up yielding better
results.
It's unlikely this is like
fairly straightforward sentence,
but one can imagine there being
some ambiguity in the way in
which we've designed, like a
certain prompt.
Or there could be a simpler way
to express that idea. Whatever.
I mean, there could be all these
different variations and the
whole purpose of having this
prompt level testing is to go
ahead and start making little
tweaks.
Do each of these primary fields
in our Proms and try to see what
line or phrase or sentence can I
include over here where for for
like the results to be optimized
in some sense?
So it can so happen that this
kind of like an approach can
sort of help discover like two
things.
One is of course, what is the
optimal prompt?
Whether there is like variations
which work better and two uh, if
we believe that the variations
that have been generated are
semantically equivalent, we
should expect the course ponding
outputs to also be the same.
So if you're finding like wildly
different outputs for like some
small tweak done over here, so
instead of saying, please
include markdown I I I omit the
word please and some of the LLM
takes offense at it ends up
producing some garbage with and
for the record at least this
kind of like a test suite would
like make that appear in like
right away.
So that's the the larger like
thought process behind having
prompt level testing.
Now the unfortunate reality will
prompt level testing is defining
metrics to.
Ohh so if we evaluate the
quality of the results is a
little sketchy right now in the
sense that it kind of relies on
like a manual inspection and for
us to sort of use our judgment
to sort of go ahead and say, OK,
these set of problems look
semantically alright, the
modification seem reasonable and
the corresponding output.
The yeah, is pretty much like as
we expect.
Uh, a. A.
I'll I'll add more details
there.
Bezel whistles associated with
each of these points, so I can
come back to them once we do
that.
The idea is that we have like
some internal QA process and we
say OK, right, these five
prompts are variations to the
prompts seem to work the best
for whatever definition of best
is and we go ahead and replace
this file.
You could start off with any
file to begin with.
Let's say this is like a good
first file or like a first set
of prompts to write over here.
Uh, but the prompting the prompt
level testing reveals that a few
other prompts would generated,
which ended up performing
better.
So we go ahead and replace swap
out these values with the the
phrases that ended up working
best.
So then we have what we think is
like a cleaner, like more
optimized or more efficient
version of the set of prompts
that we would like to take to
production.
Once we have this file like
finalized after having been
through this process, we then.
Set set ourselves up for like a
system level test, uh, bench.
And what this does is so the key
difference between these two
steps is Step 3 assumes that the
knowledge base is fixed.
So we work with a fixed set of
facts and we want to see what
variations in these prompts can
like affect the quality of the
results.
So I don't really care as much
as like trying out different
facts because it can still
happen that the knowledge base
has like a variety of facts out
there.
And for certain kinds of facts,
it just fails or certain levels
and combination of levels and
facts, the performance degrades.
That's not the purpose of like
prompt level testing, or at
least that's not gonna become.
It's not gonna be exposed at the
prompt level.
Test what's gonna be exposed to
the prompt level test is for a
fixed set of facts, whatever
these facts are, there could be
arbitrary which exist in the
knowledge base.
I just want to see what prompts
work out best, and we could
probably sample like a few facts
like a few different varied set
of facts and then hope that and
then the expectation is that the
assertion should be that
whatever variation the the
system finds should hold across
these facts.
I mean, it shouldn't really be
really fact dependent.
It should be independent of the
fact.
So once we have actually
selected the best prompts these.
Alan has a I think Alan has a
quick question.
Just just a quick quick.
Oh, yeah, sorry.
Sorry for the interruption.
Yeah.
Yeah. Umm.
Umm is it?
Is it your experience?
Let let let's say you develop a
set of prompts and and through
some even ad hoc testing you
determine that this set of
values is is most effective in
eliciting the kind of response
Yeah.
you're looking for.
Umm my question is does that
vary significantly based on the
Umm.
LLM that it is is responding so
I what I'm envisioning is
something like, you know, a
radar chart for each LLM scoring
it in different vectors.
So I've done this internally so
where it starts it the IT comes
down to like water purposes.
If we want to go ahead and
benchmark the different
elements, then show this is like
a perfect way to just add like a
loop around this step and say
for each LLM try the same thing
out and then we get a sort of
cross sort of like a view of
like whether the LLM perform
well or not the but more or less
like if we're talking about like
LLM S of like similar strengths
and like.
Parameters the performance more
or less tends to be the same.
You may have like a few misses
here and there depends on the
complexity of the prompts.
For something like this for like
let's say give me a two sentence
summary.
Ohh wow, this is like a typo
here.
Fantastic.
My hopefully the results should
type in the since there is like
a space missing over here so.
Yep.
So between between the different
elements and if there are like
comparable strings where we end
up seeing differences are when
you've got like slightly
ambiguous prompts for like
things like give me a two
sentence summary.
Uh.
The quality will remain more or
less the same, but if it is
something like if the prompt
itself requires some sort of
like a logical expression of
sorts, saying, do this and do
The.
this, or do this and and it's
got like inherent ambiguity,
which is like typical of the
English language itself.
There you end up seeing all
these different variations.
Also, one thing to appreciate
over here is the assumption is
Got it.
that where would end up writing
these prompts.
So this is like a one time
exercise and these prompts more
or less should work out fine.
And even if we skip this step,
the step #3, we should be
alright.
I mean, it shouldn't be like a
make or break kind of a
situation, but let's say
tomorrow we have like some other
CE light plus plus kind of like
an application with like a few
other features.
The expectation is that some
business analysts can come up
and write these prompts.
They don't have to be super
rigorous.
They don't have to understand
how looms work, and that's still
fine.
And this is a system which would
like absorb even that kind of
like a shock.
I wouldn't expect Evans
performance to be like quality
of prompts that Evan writes to
be anything wildly different
from what.
What the best optimal phrase
comes out from this process, and
it's already at the 99% mark?
Probably so.
But if we shouldn't expect
someone of Evans caliber to be
writing these prompts, and it
could be just like a regular
business analyst who doesn't
have like the sort of like a
mind map of how an LLM works and
the synthesis of how looms work.
And that's the general purpose.
So so we would, we would expect
Evans results to simply get
worse over time.
They, they, they they can't get
any better.
Hopefully, hopefully.
Uh, it it?
I mean we, we've already heard
about.
Ada 88A has a question, I think.
Yep.
OK, this is again I I'm seeing
you guys in like a small box
because I've shared my screen so
please like feel free to
interrupt and I really can't see
either when I'm speaking to
Yeah. Yep.
Alan. Yeah.
Yeah.
Two questions there.
One we were talking about
quality based on the model.
Have you noticed?
With the same uh, with with this
process.
Uh, a.
A degradation in quality when
you use a more highly quantized
model.
So couple of things.
So quantized models are like an
interesting piece.
So Alan, to set more context,
quantized models are like if
you're working with like say 32
bit precision ohf like all your
weight calculations.
So essentially, for any output
to be generated from the input,
there's like a series of
multiplication operations that
are happening which ends up
like, resulting in like an
output, and the counter is
models are like systems hack in
order to make the model more
efficient by reducing this
space.
So like 200 billion parameter
whatever, like gazillion
parameter model takes.
I don't know how much of like
GPU ran UH-1 easy trick is to
just reduce the 32 bit precision
to 16 or 8 or like 4 and that's
just shrinks down this space
required, at least in your
working memory.
So that's the overall like
quantization game.
Yep.
Now quantization has different
algorithms like different ways
in which we do quantization with
the the kind of set of that we
are working with, which is GPT
40 which is just like a API
call.
Quantization doesn't come into
the play.
At least that's not on our
immediate road map, but if we
end up, let's say, having like a
llama or whenever any of these
models on like a box, and we're
gonna just use that, then
quantization plays a role
because you don't want to just
keep burning money on like a
huge amount of GPU resources.
Quality is very interesting, so
the question 80 was asking is
does that degrade quality?
Turns out 32 bit, 16 bit, 8 bit,
very comparable results.
No, absolutely no difference in
quality.
8 bit to 4 bit can uh degrade
quality little, but
unfortunately what it does is it
increases inference time counter
intuitively so it should ideally
you hope that with like a
Yeah. Hmm.
smaller model the inference
should be faster, but it's just
the other way around because I
think there is some uh the the
the quantization algorithm which
just I think like two or three
groups have like tried and like
tried their hand out and that's
what is being used by like
pretty much everyone there is
some if inefficiency over there
I I can even like post a link.
To like the bug report on GitHub
where that inefficiency is
causing like a lack of
improvement in like inference
time.
So logically, I would expect
more the quantized the model is
lesser the accuracy but faster
the inference and like faster
the processing.
Uh, that that happens till like
8 bit but not any not any
further so the industry.
OK.
That is the thing that yeah,
that is the thing that we do
Yeah.
What?
What would be?
need to let anybody who's who's
using olama internally.
Yeah.
Like you need to use the the 8
bit quantization, not the four
bit 4 bit 4 bit quantization is
the default for Alama like if
Yeah.
you pull a model you're pulling
a four bit, so we should
That's.
probably make note of that.
Yeah, so so I tried like a.
Yeah, I tried a few 4 bit
experiments even recently and
those the inference time.
So the quality of the result is
kind of more or less around the
same ballpark, but sadly they
reference time is going up.
And I was like, OK, this just
doesn't make sense and we
should, like, dig deeper.
And I was like pushing the team
to sort of like get into like
systems that will leave bugging
and things like that.
And then I find this bug report.
I'm like, OK, this is beyond
like API grid, so this probably
Yes.
Good.
we need to go figure something
else.
So yeah, that's that's one thing
to just be aware of.
I I've heard of like 4 bit being
like the standard and like
people just use it, but I think
there's an inference time cost
to it.
So you need to be careful about
that, but sorry, you said you
had two questions.
I answered one of them.
So we can come back to, yeah.
We'll come back to it.
Yeah.
It if it hits me, I'll, I'll,
I'll write it down this time.
Sure.
I assume you can still see my
screen.
Yep, OK.
Yes.
Alright, alright, so that's the
uh deal with uh prompt level
testing the system level tests
are the next phase when we've
realized, OK, these are the
tested prompts.
The model is fixed and like
everything else is fixed.
Now I need to start grading
different aspects of the facts
provided from the knowledge base
and then see the how the quality
of the summary is generated
keeps changing.
Uh, so the again, the purpose
over here is those in some sense
to foresee and foreshadow any
issues that the end user will
likely experience when going
through and clicking through
different parts of the code base
that has been set up.
So think of it as like, OK,
Western Union comes to us, we
own both the Western Union like
code base.
We have the knowledge, knowledge
based populated.
We run the prompt level test
suite.
We find the best set of prompts
for it, and then we run the
system level test, which keeps
picking up different facts from
the entire spectrum of the
Western Union knowledge base and
pushes it through the sort of
main API with the the production
prompts that have been finalized
over here and spits out like
corresponding output outputs.
Now the reality with the this
this, this step and this process
is that we can really go crazy
in the number of tests that can
get generated.
There's no limit to it if the
knowledge base has like let's
say 5 parameters.
Each parameter has like N
choices.
Then it becomes N to the 5I
combinatorial space to go ahead
and test.
Uh, that's where I think some
domain knowledge would also come
in saying, OK, these are the
broad classes that I think I
should like.
Keep an eye out on and some.
That's sort of like a pruning of
the state space needs to happen.
Uh, currently the way in which
it's being done, if I recall,
like the code base right is I
think I just randomly sample
like a number of like facts from
the knowledge base and they just
go ahead and generate their
corresponding results.
But we can be smarter about it.
I think those are all like
custom scripts which can be
written on top of roof like
which can inherit this basic
workflow and then modify it for.
Whatever it is that works for
like particular code base.
So that's that's like one way to
go about it.
And once the system tests again
are generated, the idea is it
gets.
Should here?
No, I think I should just keep
this as is.
I should open probably another
tab and the final Test that do
get generated that's in like an
excel because I like excels, but
it could be in any other format
which the team finds suitable or
whatever helps in the whatever
is the natural format for the QA
process in general.
Uh, and yeah, this will just
have like a I can.
No, I'm leaving.
I I keep all my tests scripts in
Visicalc.
In Ohh well OK.
Basic so isn't basically the
old.
Uh, it's one of the precursor.
It runs on runs on the Apple 2.
Apple too, right?
Yeah.
No, I I I do remember.
It's like a I remember the
terminal and how it looked in
like.
Yeah.
Yeah, so.
Yeah, just, just, just probing
for your history, that's all.
Yeah.
No, but I I do remember some.
Some some trivia worked with
CALC as well.
I think that was a little
precursor to excel and Apple,
and like Microsoft had a I think
something was stolen from
somewhere or there.
There's like some some history
to it as well.
Yep.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
So I don't know whether you can
see.
Let me stop sharing and.
And so we're only seeing your
browser window.
Share the like.
Yeah, let me.
Alright, so this.
So this is something is the
consequence of running the
system test.
Uh, is this has like 239 entries
which is straight to 40 entries.
Yeah, an odd number would have
been streamed 240 because it's
some random 240 and have to go
back and like, make sure why it
is 2.
Not let's say 260, but the idea
is you will notice that.
Yeah. Umm.
You will notice there are
different levels of testing
that's happened.
Level 1 seems to be missing.
So we you just dropped the he
just dropped the share.
Ohh.
Be like, uh, strange.
And Alan, you're speaking on
mute.
It's it's a.
It's chaos.
It's a 2 Fer.
OK, alright, so this should be.
Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see it now.
Alright, so adding some filters
just to give us like a sense of
what's happening so different
levels.
Uh.
Tested over here, different
rules.
Tested over here.
I think these were the three
rules that were initially
designed and no more.
This is the module because I
think this is the only module
that's been exposed right now
from the knowledge base side.
Uh again, I think it's just one
field function in one.
Ohh, there are multiple fee
functions, but just one file
function and this is also a
consequence.
Hmm.
Yeah, probably from.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So this is these are
idiosyncrasies of the current
like snapshot of like, a
knowledge base that I've worked
Yeah.
on.
But you can imagine this to be
like a huge list and this to be
a huge list.
And the idea is you have all the
different components which went
into the final prompt and this
shall mostly remain the same.
This doesn't like change, so
it's a matter of like choice.
We can go ahead and drop this as
well the final prompt.
This is how the final prompt is
constructed.
Uh, so you will notice.
Yes.
So everything is inputs U to
T&U&V are the outputs.
That's right.
Yeah. OK.
That's right.
So this is the generated output
and we have the generated output
over here we can go ahead and
like manually look at this and
there's also some hyperbole
checker which is like a crude
like system that we put together
currently.
So one of them is like a fact
checker.
One of them is a hyperbolic
checker.
Hyperbolic checker just goes
ahead and make sure that if
let's say.
Uh, we have the role as like
CEO's and this is something that
both Evan and Brad, a team
placements as well.
The system tends to be fairly
verbose and like has all these
like jargony phrases thrown in
saying, oh, this is gonna change
the world and this is how we do
things.
And this is like the next
cutting edge thing in the
banking sector in yadayada this
is to kind of flag those
responses.
So this apparently.
I love how it I love how it
talks to see you.
It's it's hilarious to me.
I'm learning.
Right.
So, uh, so this apparently has
been flagged as containing
hyperboles.
So again, the definition of
hyperbole is fairly vague over
here.
The couple module consists of
multiple file functions, so each
file within, so it's very likely
it's just giving us like obvious
answers and that's why it's sort
of marked it as like 2.
Worried.
Just like filler words, but no
real meaning.
Kind of like a thing.
And this is like an experimental
thing, so we'll have to probably
So this, this, this, this was a
case of hype.
benchmark this.
Umm.
Hyperbole.
As opposed to hyperbole.
The hype?
Yeah, exactly.
This this would be hyperbolic.
Yeah.
Uh, but yeah that.
Have you have?
I'm sorry.
Have you have you dipped the the
results?
You know mechanically with the
tool to to see what the the
differences are.
Is is that anywhere or you're
just doing it manually?
So uh, currently not on this.
So the the the diff piece comes
in somewhere over here.
Let me my kind of share multiple
windows at the same time.
You gotta share your entire
screen instead of just
I think that's not no.
particular window, yeah.
Yeah, that's the work around,
OK.
But what it has to be cautious
sharing the entire screen?
I mean, that's fine.
There's only so many scandalous
things on my screen right now.
It's alright.
This is here.
Uh, so the diff right now
happens in.
So there should be A to do
something here.
Right.
So the diff is happening at this
level right now, which is uh.
The the set of system tests the
idea 11 common feature LLM is
you have the same input.
You run it twice, you get two
different outputs, and
especially with summaries.
That's again something to be
really cautious about, despite
like the settings temperature
settings being low, etcetera,
etcetera, it's it's still a
possibility that uh, you can end
up seeing these different
results.
So I have like the code base in
and I need to make like a few
small tweaks to actually get
this live, but the idea is to do
like a test.
We test kind of like a.
Step wherein the system prompts
are like generated.
The results are like pushed
through the LLM.
The results are tabulated and
then the same thing is trying
again in like it's just a
completely new LLM.
Call exposed and the idea is to
then see between like multiple
calls has the result changed.
So there's a diff component in
this which goes ahead and does
like change, but I haven't
really pushed in like any sort
of diff amongst the different
results with primarily because
the inputs can be widely
different.
And sure, I mean like a diff
tool could be like a one of
Umm.
utility, kind of like a thing to
look at.
Let's say I want to compare test
case number 4 versus 10 and then
I can have like a diff between
those two, but if.
Let me think through this
slightly a little more that if
if there is like a general set
of, uh inferences that can be
drawn from like a more global
style like diff between these
different results and like a
more consumable report that can
come out of this, the Excel dump
right now I don't think that's
I I I think we talked about this
briefly on a prior call with
in place.
with you Shashank, but I I'm I'm
still frankly shocked that given
Uh-huh.
the same input that customers,
clients, you know end users are
willing to accept substantially
different output given the same
input it it is it is it simply
accepted.
Am I old school that?
The results should not radically
differ.
But.
There are two parts to this
answer.
One is it completely depends on
the application, so they could
be worthwhile applications and
we we do this, this this feature
I wouldn't call this like a bug
in in the way in which for the
same input you can generate
multiple outputs.
We actually use that feature in
prompt level tests and the big
picture like taking a step back.
The way to think about this is,
uh, the models.
Essentially, a generative model
in the sense that think of like
a probability distribution.
The model is trying to learn the
entire distribution and once it
has, like a sense of, let's say
I think of like a bell curve.
It has learned the parameters of
the bell curve when we know
exactly what that curve looks
like.
You can now start sampling from
any part of the curve, and
that's the the great power that
the this this class of models.
Yeah, sort of.
Have, uh, the.
Then the question comes down to
where do I want to use that kind
of like power.
So if I have an application
saying I have like a system
prompt to which you make some
small change to it, but make
sure you make like 5 small
changes and each of those
changes needs to introduce some
new list to the kind of changes
that you making.
But go ahead and try these out
and come up with like 5
different changes.
Then I would want for the same
prompt and the prompt remains
the same.
The prompt is make 5 changes and
make sure that each result of
you each result that you
generate is like slightly
different from the other or like
OK probably that's not the best
problem.
The prompt is make minor changes
to this given prompt.
You are a helpful agent and I
run it once and I can come back
with the model can come back
with your you.
You are a agent.
It just drops about helpful and
the second time it can be you're
helpful agent where the chat
print end of a program analysis
system like.
Yeah.
So it is a desirable feature in
those circumstances to have this
kind of like a variety.
The Nice part is the randomness
or the degree of randomness is
like controllable through a
parameter that all these models
expose.
So GPD exposes it, lamma exposes
it.
All of these expose it because
that's in.
Temperature, yeah.
Yeah, inherently a part of the
as part of the math of like how
these little models was.
So for the final system test.
Right.
But it a different.
So good.
A different temperature or a low
temperature at zero temperature
isn't necessarily going to give
you a deterministic output,
right?
A0 does.
It's gonna get close, but it's
not necessarily, but open AI
As as a uh-huh.
but.
Opening I I'm not certain if
others do.
Uh, but they have a seed
parameter in which, for a given
seed and temperature setting,
you will get the same thing
back.
Team just.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
But I do believe with llama as
well.
If I I should go back and check
and make sure that this is
right.
But but they all these models do
have like by setting zero
temperature 0 and like probably
like a seed or in some cases
there's not even a seed.
Uh, it should be deterministic,
but let me check.
Let me actually come get back to
you on that one, but.
I I just want to focus my, my my
question more closely.
I understand how it works and
and and my question is much more
Umm, right.
based on your experience working
with clients, how they perceive
this behavior of alms.
It's is, it merely accepted?
Is it desirable?
Is it like I wish it were
better?
I I think in cases where it's
it's something like summarize,
let's say a set of results.
So summary is the the final
task.
Ohh there I think it's like a
people do expect it.
It is desirable, but uh,
everyone's like having their
fingers crossing.
OK, just don't generate
something which I completely
don't expect in this case, so
make sure it's in the ballpark
Look.
and let it just not go off the
rails.
That's usually the temperament.
Right.
Patient detection that uses
semantic entropy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So yeah, it's Alan.
It's getting at this notion of,
so if you do like just naive
entropy on the on the results of
the responses, obviously you're
gonna get wide variations
because it's not gonna be worded
the same.
So it's actually trying to get
at this notion of you actually
Yep.
use bidirectional implication of
carving up the response and into
these individual little factoids
and trying to test by
directional, uh implication of
each of the the pairs and then
seeing and then calculating a
symmetric entropy.
So basically you're getting
trying to get at this notion of
their essentially capturing the
same meaning.
Yep.
And if there's a wide for the
same prompt, you cluster the
responses, you do a sampling the
that's that.
You do a sampling of the the
prompt the the responses for the
same prompt you do clustering of
them and then you can get if the
semantic entropy is high, it
means the model is unsure about.
Yeah.
There's a lot of variability.
It's uncertain about its answers
because it's answers can widely
vary, but that's capturing
semantic entropy, so that might
be so going even deeper, even
though the English descriptions
are different, it would I I
would guess I have.
It obviously worked that
directly with clients, but I
would guess that if that
semantic meaning is stable
across the different generations
for these particular tasks, that
Yeah.
is good for the client.
But that's a that's a
conjecture.
I'm I don't know, but that's
yeah.
Mostly more or less, and even in
our case, so the the
unfortunately the definition of
semantic sort of similarity
takes like wildly different
flavors depending on the
Umm.
application.
So in our case, for instance,
what?
Yes.
Good.
The definitions themselves
aren't semantically similar.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah. Yep.
Similar in in.
In our case, what we really care
about is let's say things like
these, which are like pick from
like the fact like which are
Yeah.
facts from the knowledge base.
These should not and cannot be
hallucinated.
Every everything else is
probably acceptable, like if it
says yeah, are you PCCTRC?
REPT is like generates reports
in the banking batch processing
system and maybe it doesn't
generate, but it actually reads
reports in the branch in the
banking batch processing system.
That kind of is like in the
scale of things, probably more
acceptable than.
Like just saying?
Yeah.
PCR are ABCD generates like
reports like everyone's like
ABCD.
Is there like an ABCD in this?
I didn't notice it in the ECC
light interface.
Is this bug?
Is that buggy?
What's going on?
So I think there's like a
hierarchy of like the things
Yep.
which are admissible and which
are like.
Semantically, we allow the
system to sort of deviate and
some things which are like a
strict no, no.
And the goal over here is to,
yeah, just make sure that at
least we are well aware of what
that hierarchy is and have,
like, some checks and balances
to make sure it doesn't like go
off in that sense.
The Nice part we're here is it's
very unlikely to hallucinate
these aspects themselves because
the way in which the prompts are
designed, we are feeding this
in, in, in some sense.
It's like more of like a
template filling exercise where
the values of the templates are
being populated from the
knowledge base and the only
thing that the model is doing is
coming up with this sentence.
But hey, there's no like
theoretical guarantee that after
having given it the nicely
padded template sort of sentence
and asking it to just paraphrase
it or summarize it, it just it
doesn't go ahead and like, come
up with something totally new.
So that's always there that that
risk does exist and that's why
I've also tried to like
implement like a fact checker
which again is in an ideal world
we should be implementing what
the the art is in personation
detection in fact checking.
But that ideal world is yet to
come, and that's still in the
future.
So the best we can do is have
some sort of like a a few
strategies which I've dropped
down over here and I've
implemented like a subset of
these strategies.
So one thing could be.
So given a prompt, given a
knowledge base and given the
LLM's output so this is, these
are the ingredients which are
fact checker would need as
inputs.
So you have a prompt, you have
the knowledge base and you have
what the LLM's output is for
that particular prompt.
By prompt I mean the question or
the query and the knowledge base
Yep.
that was provided to it.
One strategy could be can you
reconstruct the knowledge base
given A and C?
So if I have the LLM's output
and if I have the prompt itself,
the question and the answer, can
I go back and like determine
what the knowledge base was or
what ingredients in the
knowledge base got like utilized
in the LLM's prompt LLM's output
and if that matches the actual
knowledge base, then at least we
know that there are no new
ingredients that have been
introduced in the output which
wasn't already there in the
knowledge base.
This is again, these are all
first principles.
He kind of like checks.
There isn't like a standard
industrial manual.
Go and look up to and then say
OK, this is the best way to Fact
Check.
These are all contextual in like
our like domain and our use
case.
The other thing could be
slightly more elaborate.
The other strategy?
One movie is I just go ahead and
extract all the entities from
the output.
Uh, these entities.
I mean, it's up to us.
We can define what these
entities are.
One could be the new field
functions, one could be names of
like file, functions and so on
and so forth.
We call that some set to be D we
go ahead and find all these's in
the knowledge base.
Do you remove the from B?
So this is like a stick to
check.
So now you're doing like the
counterfactual, where you omit
Yep.
it from the knowledge base, and
you call that to B prime.
Now you try to generate what the
output is given.
This reduce B prime and A and
see if what the difference is
between C&C prime and if the
two outputs of the LLM remain
the same despite having omitted
the crucial facts which actually
the model relies on, then it's
just generating something which
it completely is independent of
those facts.
Right.
So hopefully the the difference
between C&C prime should be
substantial over here and that
should make a suspicious saying.
OK, I meant sorry if it is not
substantial, then it would make
a suspicious.
If it is substantial, then at
least we know that, OK, I mean,
if you omit the key facts, then
the output is like something
totally different.
Again, the the problem is large
overlap large deviation.
How large is large?
We don't know.
I mean, if I knew, I would
probably write a paper.
I would become famous.
I mean, the Academia world would
be super happy with me, but I
don't think we have like a good
idea as to what's the right way
to set these thresholds up.
But I.
Another strategy, and this is
again, so yeah.
No, no, I I was just going to
say that you know, once you do
write that paper, I I I I do
want credit for hyperbole.
Of course. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure for sure.
I probably is definitely going
into dictionary.
So you're.
Yeah, you're you're so you're
approach.
Just zooming out to the big
picture, you're approach here is
it's it's very deliberately
applying a framework of logic.
Mathematical, you know, logic to
to.
Yeah.
Yep, reasoning.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's in essence
that's that's the approach that
you've taken.
Absolutely, yeah.
And uh, again, this is a
conjecture that this should work
in the sense that I I'm not too
sure whether there could be
leaking the the this is the step
that I worry about alone.
So it could just so happen that
the entity extraction itself is
leaky, and then everything else
in the pipeline hinges on it.
So if you have like a human,
annotate those entities.
I think we are in business
that's not scalable currently.
What I've implemented is just
steps.
I think a through C thank you.
If I recall right, only steps
A&B and strategy to have
been implemented alright.
So only AB.
Yeah, only these two have been
implemented and this itself.
Yep.
Like the irony is I use an LLM
to go ahead and extract all the
entities so here.
So in order to Fact Check like
an LLM, I'm having to use an LLM
to do some others sort of like
subsidiary sort of like a task
and whose results I have no like
guarantees on so that's the
In in, in, in your culture, do
you know oroboros?
yeah.
Auto Boris.
The the, the, the, the, the,
the, the snake eating its own
No, no, not quite.
tail so.
Is this the?
Who is the the person who
discovered like the benzene
ring?
Oh yeah, yeah, it could.
I think he had a dream.
Could be.
Could could be, Yep.
Umm yeah, I think I think you're
right.
Yeah, yeah.
And let me see rings snake.
Yep.
Yeah.
Horrible.
OK, there it is.
Yeah. OK.
Yeah.
Tacular. Yeah. Calculate.
Yeah, he was the guy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So this is like a stack of like
delicately placed cards, yeah.
You.
So using it.
Well, so, so, so, but just
conceptually using an LLM to
But.
back check and LLM umm, I mean I
I wonder if there is a way to.
Umm.
To.
To assert you know some, some
form of aggression between the
two.
Yeah.
I'm I I don't know exactly how
to describe it, but I think you
know what I'm talking about.
So you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Adversarial, adversarial set up
between models.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, uh.
But the the idea is we we're not
like using a model to fact, I
mean that's that's what is used
in the literature by the way.
And I'm not a big fan of that
general approach at all, because
Yep.
it's just complete like garbage
in, garbage out, kind of like a
universe where I have no
semblance of, like, control over
any of the, like competing
characters.
The only thing we can do is some
sort of like a differential
analysis saying I have model
one.
I put it against Model 2 and I
put it against Model 3 and I
start seeing a difference in the
A versus B&A versus CI.
See some deviation between those
two results.
Then I have to I have reason to
suspect that either is at fault
or B is at fault forces at
fault.
I know one of them has to be
faulty, so that's the best kind
of conclusion that I can come
to.
But let's say if a versus
B&A versus C both of them
end up showing converging
results.
I still have no guarantee to go
back and say that, OK, this is
all right.
I mean, things are fine.
It could just be that they both
are wrong and I have no way to
like go ahead and flag that.
So that's why my in such cases,
as I fall back to conventional
old school logic.
Uh, but with the caveat that
some of these steps in the old
school logic workflow may rely
on like the general intelligence
of.
Like another LLM.
And which is at least in my
universe, that's slightly more
acceptable than like the
previous setting, where it's
just like 2 LLM spitting pitted
against each other.
Just trying to figure out
whether, like the final output
makes sense or not so that I'm
not OK with where it's just the
Yeah.
without even giving like a broad
mandate of what the output is
expected and like what.
What is the expected output?
What are the ingredients we
expect in the output, etcetera.
We just putting two machines
against each other and saying
guys figure this out that yeah,
I'm.
I'm not personally sold.
I think there's like an attack
cottage industry with an
academia which generates these
papers every like millisecond as
we speak.
There are probably 2 papers on
this topic, I I just don't get
it.
I'm willing to wager that none
of them has tried to push this
to you like a production system,
and like being paid for that
service.
So yeah, I'm.
I'm not a like, so I'm not sold
by it unless I see some example
which completely, uh, changes my
worldview.
It's unlikely I'm gonna be sold
by that anytime soon, so.
So so I guess so go ahead, Ada.
What about?
Uh, so?
And lane change?
Lang Smith tool.
That you know you've got the
it's got the hierarchy of
Yeah.
generations, that kind of thing,
and you can go in and mark them
Yeah.
as data sets.
I would would if we use if we.
Could we use a data set to help?
Maybe not the generation you
know, maybe not increase the
quality of the generation, but
help.
Increase the quality of quality
check in.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, uh.
I haven't looked into the
internals of how long chain
actually pulls it off, but
annotating something as a data
set I imagine it's just a
glorified speak for doing the
grab.
I don't think they're doing
anything substantially more
complex or like non trivial than
saying OK, these are the end
terms that you need to like
carefully watch and that
watching essentially is like
doing like a different grip of
some sort of like a glorified
version of it, which is
essentially what's happening
even over here in these steps.
So unless it's technically a
solution which is like totally
different in the way in which it
is implemented, I think we the
at least just this basic setup
pretty much like accomplishes
that.
That kind of a goal without the
bells and whistles.
Flynn chain and it's like
infrastructure, but I it's a let
And what I'm thinking that.
me just umm, sure.
Sorry, go ahead. Yeah.
Put on when I think that they do
with the the data sets is they
use.
They vectorize the the the data
sets and then kind of
convolutionally step through
that based on you know the the
generation that's coming through
to determine uh similarity in.
Uh.
Maybe not in in the individual
words and characters themselves,
but the overall.
I see.
Good.
Ah, I've.
Yeah.
I lost it. Yeah.
No, no, I get a sense of it that
is slightly even more scary in
our country, like in, in, in our
setting, because as soon as
there's a process of vectorizing
these terms.
So imagine some term like PCR in
which it's very unlikely any
model any any embedding model
has seen before and the goal
over there is to convert these
set of terms into like a bunch
of numbers and then use like
vector algebra like some sort of
like similarity measure of like
the ones that you see in your
output.
With those numbers, those
vectorized numbers that you've
created PCCTRC in as a phrase I
believe is not super common, and
I assume that we would
invariably hit all these
different like funky funny
phrases in the client code base
in the knowledge bases of these
clients where I would be.
Ohh I'm not.
I wasn't talking about like
vectorizing for the purpose of
generation, but vectorizing for
the purpose of.
No, actually I agree.
I agree.
Yeah.
I agree.
Yeah, for for.
I agree as so so.
Then the question that I would
ask is like ohh I've taken
PCCTRC in as a phrase.
I've vectorized it.
I have taken in in the in the in
the the knowledge based term
itself and I've taken PCCTRC in
which comes up in the output and
I've vectorized that and now I'm
trying to find the similarity.
Let's say the output generates
PCCTRC instead of PCNN.
Uh, would that vector actually
be mapped close to PCCTRC in?
I don't know.
It depends on the embedding
model and depends on how those
numbers are created.
But let's say it does match it
and sort of push it close to
each other.
Then we're in, like trouble.
Because although it is like a
one alphabet diff between the
actual phrase that we had DRX is
completely hallucinated and
Yeah.
doesn't exist in our knowledge
base.
So in, at least in our use case,
I do see use cases for which the
vectorized wave, like comparing
things, may make sense in our
use case.
I think it's like simpler in
that sense.
It makes our life simpler that
there are these key phrases from
the knowledge base which we
simply have to like go and like
do an exact match for and if it
exists, good.
If it doesn't exist, uh, we
don't know then then it's still
like a big like, oops.
I don't know whether this could
be right or wrong, but if
something else exists which
doesn't exist in the knowledge
base, then you know something is
wildly going off and then those
are the things that you need to
fly.
So yeah, contextually I think.
It took me a second.
I was.
I was still thinking about
quality and not fact checking,
so I was.
I was thinking about two
completely different topics.
So yeah, in fact checking.
I see.
I see.
Obviously that wouldn't.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, that that wouldn't be a
good solution for.
I.
Nice. Nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
Yeah. Umm.
So, so so the the the just
sparked kind of a you know a
meta question here.
I mean it is there is there an
advantage or disadvantage to
having unique names in our facts
that?
Umm the LLM is working with that
is unique, you know vocabulary.
I I I think in our case it is
advantageous because we don't
expect the LLM to generate any
of these new terms.
Uh, it's template tized via like
going ahead and flooding the
templates with these terms.
And then expecting the LLM to
paraphrase.
So in the presence of new terms,
it should behave well in the
sense that it should just like,
umm, raise the towns in Tokyo.
I mean this this is like a new
term.
Let me just paraphrase around it
rather than generating something
Yep.
new so it it does like it put
particularly, uh, good job at
Umm.
paraphrasing like regular
English phrases and words.
The fact that these these are
distinct should.
Yeah, but yeah, let me let me
generalize the question.
What one one more level it we're
gonna be.
But.
Uh.
Analyzing source code, we're
going to be generating and
Hmm.
knowledge graph to the extent
that things like variable names
in the original source code
which are reflected with high
Yeah.
fidelity in the knowledge graph.
To the extent that they are
unique and bizarre, is that an
Hmm.
Yeah.
advantage over things like
account?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I I, I.
Which which they're going to
find in their model somewhere.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So I think the uniqueness, the
more unique it is, I think the
easier it is for for us to
clearly separate like facts from
like hallucinated nonsense.
So that's that's, that's for
sure.
It's the other case that we need
to be worried about saying.
If it is accounts, if the
variable name is account, is it
OK for the LLM to paraphrase it
as Ledger clearly not OK.
Yeah, right, right.
So I mean it it.
It's probably probably too much
work for right now, but I I I
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
wonder if there is an advantage
in taking the variable names
which a developer is you know is
honored bound to make human
Yeah.
readable and and do something
like C name mangling on them to
Yeah.
make them not human readable.
Yeah, yeah.
So that the LLM has go ahead
Evan.
So that yeah, that yes, I can
see a few use cases.
I can see arguments for both, so
for example if we in TR there in
the knowledge that we're giving
it, we're only handing it in a
lot of these levels signature
information.
So we're actually resting on the
semantically suggestive variable
names to have the LLM.
Kind of guess what?
The body of the function does,
which might be useful, but in a
Yeah.
different context.
You might wanna mangle the name
because it wouldn't be good.
Yeah. Yep.
So I think there is a spectrum
of use cases where it's an
Absolutely.
advantage and it's a
disadvantage and it is good to
Especially.
have that that spectrum clearly
articulated.
And I I think we've seen that,
we've seen that internally as
Which which?
well.
I think Evan and Brad, when they
were working with Volvo
particularly, I think the
context that this was like some
Yep.
context was provided to it
saying this is like car
manufacturer auto manufacturer,
I think it made more it could
like derive more out of the
variable names and like juice,
juice things out for the.
So I think in our current setup
probably level one and level 2
would probably benefit from like
the variable names being as is
and like us getting like
deriving like maximum semantic
information from the variable
names present in the code base
variables 3 and four where
things get like specific and
like specific part and like a
specific program like grace
getting analyzed there.
I think we would like be much
better off with the.
Yeah, variable ends being
attacked and like, have the
facts getting like disturbed in
some sense.
Hmm.
But yeah.
Yeah, this is.
One last question, in that if we
have, we have the whole you know
This is good for.
AST and we happen to know like
if you're coming into what is
not a function but essentially a
function your input is say an
account record, but we have an
as Val one because that's what
it is in the source providing
the LLM or or you know changing
that in the AST or in the in the
signature so that it actually
shows you know this is an
account record would that not
And.
Yeah.
give more context to the higher
level you know to to level.
One and two, would that not give
us more context to provide
description on?
But it's absolutely I I I would
believe so. Yeah.
Yeah, that would like if
anything's trying to the
So if we if we did anonymized.
quality.
Yeah, like if if we actually
took those variable names and
made them mean something when
we're passing in the the the top
Yeah.
levels, that would probably
provide us some good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I could.
Yeah.
I could imagine where like in
how COBOL is like.
And the.
There could be some pretty.
Umm.
Innocuous variable names of the
record and then it actually gets
read into a group, A cobalt
group that has some semantically
suggested variable names, but in
the signature you'd have to.
You'd have to know you'd have to
do some code analysis and code
mapping where it's like.
OK, I see that I move this
information into this group that
has some semantic information in
it, and then so then pop that up
to the signature and and give it
to it.
In that that form, so I could
certainly see that use case
because that happens all the
time in COBOL all the way COBOL
passes variables around.
Right.
Also, I mean putting on my
academic hack for a bit.
If I were to design such a
system, I would probably, uh.
Define like.
I don't know how COBOL works
enough though I would like.
I would like frame this to be a
problem in defining like a type
system where there is some sort
of like typing information
that's getting like defined.
So I think we're conflating
variable names to like pack too
much, like there's way too much
information that we are
expecting from variable names.
It is telling us that the type
is account and like X&Y it's
giving expecting it to work a
lot.
Ideally, we should decouple like
just the naming of variables to
something like a person sees and
reads to something more
rigorous.
Which type system can reason
about?
So if we have like an accounts
class for instance, then we know
that any object that has been
instantiated of that particular
class belongs to that class, and
that information is useful from
a type system standpoint.
So in the AST I would imagine I
in order to get like better
summaries, I would propagate
these type systems and like the
propagation could be controlled
in a way that sort of maximizes
like contracts and shrinks and
like dilutes the scope of like
what information it carries
through and at the top most
level it could just be the the
broadest type, the most abstract
kind of type that it corresponds
to, and that signal certain kind
of like semantic information.
And it could be drilled down to
something specific and then we
don't have to worry about the
abstract stuff.
Sure.
So.
So we're at our overtime but but
I just wanted to you know,
Yep.
respond to the point that you're
raising Shashank, the the
approach that we're taking going
forward in terms of the
knowledge graph is we're we're
doing all this fact extraction
from the source code and we are
going to be building the
Umm.
knowledge graph in a tool called
type DB.
Are you familiar with this?
So no, I've just heard of I've
I've never worked with it.
It's actually.
I just know off, but yeah.
Fascinating database new tech.
Umm.
Really, really interesting.
It's typedb.com if you're
curious and and we will have
very precise type information in
the knowledge graph.
Good.
I mean, I think then we're
thinking alike in that sense.
Yep.
So that's that's good.
Yeah.
And it just so you like comment
right now.
So pedantic is being used, so we
do use pedantic internally, and
it's the structured sort of
stuff that we expect the outputs
to be.
So even in the prompt level
testing, there's a panic file
over there, and that's that's
the way to ensure some sort of
type correctness in the outpost
that get generated.
Yeah, I've been for.
So if you ask like a programming
languages.
So good.
Uh for for document generation.
What I've been doing is passing
in a A A data structure, right
Yep.
parenting model that.
Yep.
Has a description for each field
and those fields represent
sections of the document and
I've been getting really good
results with that and I was
wondering if that was.
Yeah, cool.
Yep, Yep, it's.
But the programming languages
community would be like guys.
I mean, this is just a glorified
typing problem that you guys are
like completely messing up.
What are you guys up to?
And that's the general complaint
of the LLM community especially
LLM would code it used to be so
much disdain by the PL
community.
Like guys, I mean, we have sold
this in the 60s.
What are you trying to like?
Reinvent over here and it's
like, yeah, a funny world where
I remember like, one professor.
It was like we were trying to do
what with what you're trying to
like, predict types using like a
language model.
Are you like nuts?
I mean like, what are you trying
to do?
I mean very soundness and
various correctness.
And where are all these values
that we keep on like a shrine?
Umm.
And we like pray to every
morning and like, I mean this
for certain applications you
probably don't need as much.
So any like I don't know.
And he was he was on my
committee.
So he could have, like he had
the power to flunk me and he was
Umm.
extremely suspicious from the
very beginning.
He was like, I have no idea.
What?
What you're up to, but this I I
don't think this is like
academic stuff.
So do what you think.
Yeah, this, this, this
electricity stuff is just a fad.
So now I I I don't think he has
a startup now in this space.
Yeah.
Alright.
So yeah, so.
Uh, that is nice.
Yeah.
He's drank the Kool aid.
Yeah, of course.
Umm, OK yeah.
So as Alan mentioned, we are at
time.
Umm.
Sure.
Let's see.
So kind of going forward, we can
continue on on this, I'd I'd
like to go into more information
on kind of other testing
strategies and get just for my
knowledge the the details of it.
I think what would be most
useful for this group is to also
Yeah.
and also you and I can start
talking about.
This is generalizing this to any
use of LLM S across the board,
because right now Alan would be
much better to talk about this.
Yep.
You can go into detail about it,
but kind of the first product is
kind of a wiki style summary of
the knowledge that we have
stored.
Hmm.
Umm.
But I don't see why in this
can't be generalized because
we're going to have some some
kind of templates.
Absolutely.
We're gonna have some kind of
roles and and target audiences
Yep.
for the generation and
everything.
Yep.
And so this could potentially be
used there.
So I don't know if you have any
other thoughts on that, Alan,
but that's kind of where I see
this going for the the larger
group.
Yeah.
I I I would echo everything you
just said and and add that the
the user interface, the
functionality that Evan just
described, that's really going
to be going, you know, not quite
out the door, but at least
provided to customers on a demo
basis initially and then all the
work that has been done with CC
light that Evans been involved
in, that's gonna be a follow on
in the same product.
And we're gonna be progressively
building, you know, Union style
one layer instead of peeling the
onion, we're growing the onion.
Umm, over time.
So it's all gonna fold together
and figuring out the direction
Yeah.
that we want to go in with
LLM's, you know, as, as you
know, fully and precisely as we
can, both from the prompt
engineering and the testing of
the prompt engineering is is
it's really critical to us right
now.
Yeah.
And so on that topic, maybe
Alan, I could take some, maybe
David or Joe's time like
understand how that kind of
templating is going to work in D
so then then yeah, the this test
Yep.
generation can be applied using
that information.
So cool.
Yeah.
Talk, talk, talk with David and
and Ada will be on on point with
OK, great.
regard to the LLM.
Alright, sounds perfect.
Who talked with you?
Great.
Yeah.
Talk later.
Yeah.
Like Liz, it was lovely meeting
you all.
So, Evan, we'll we'll keep in
touch and then we can have like
Yep.
full conversations on like
getting into the details of some
of this stuff.
Absolutely.
Let's do it.
Alrighty.
Enjoy your weekend, everyone.
Yep, have a good one, right?
Yeah, you too.
Bye bye I.
Cool, right?